# EDB
Strain Gauge Sensor-Integrated Soft Robotic Glove for Automatically Adjustable Grip Strength
Introduction
Robotics integrated with soft actuators have demonstrated a lot of promise in applications such as assistive wearables, soft robotics, and interactive devices (Luo, Wu, Spielberg, Foshey, Rus, Palacios, Matusik. 2022). The implementation of soft actuators allow for the fluidity, alterability, and versatile nature of a robot to be greatly increased. Such devices are attractive in biomedical engineering which requires a robot that can safely interact with humans and have easy adaptation(Ashuri, T., Armani, A., Jalilzadeh Hamidi, R., Reasnor, T., Ahmadi, S., & Iqbal, K. 2020). Applications have been seen in orthosis and devices such as a rehabilitation glove that is placed on hands of patients to increase grip strength. This relatively new technology is composed of easily deformable matter such as fluids, gels, and elastomers (Wilfried S., Guilhem C.). Rigid robots that lack a compliant structure can be inefficient in the biomedical field and pose a danger in human interaction due to their inability to safely deform like soft robots. An unexplored combination of technologies is that of soft robotics and strain gauges that hold enormous amounts of potential when it comes to robotics.
Strain gauges are used to interpret the strain on an object using the reading of any distortion occurring in a constant electric field (Nachazel, 2020).Previously, strain gauges were used for monitoring the structural integrity of components, detecting failure, wear, and testing materials. Despite the potential of incorporating such technology in devices, all previous innovations have failed to incorporate strain gauges in orthotic devices (made with soft actuators) to assist with the rationale behind automatically adjustable grip strength. This results in the constraint that the devices must be manually adjusted. This further leads to the hindrance of the possibilities of greater applications with strain gauges.
Rationale
To overcome previous deficiencies in such designs, the study in this paper proposes and experiments with the adjudication of a strain gauge used to measure the malleability of an object and thus adjust the amount of force applied when gripping the object. The study done in this paper not only provides a wearable device for consumers that require an assistive technology to control grip strength, but expands the previous scope of the usage for strain gauges in soft robotics. Malleability is a key and crucial factor to be considered when addressing the rationale behind the amount of human force applied when grasping an object.The addition of strain gauge technology would be beneficial in the method used to determine whether or not an object is malleable.  
The goal of this study is to create a wearable pneumatic device that uses strain gauge technology to enable the device to adjust its grip strength when grasping an object. This study is meant to improve on previous wearable pneumatic devices by exploring the unexplored incorporation of strain gauge technology in such devices. People who have suffered a stroke may not have complete control over the muscles in their fingers resulting in loss of grip strength. This prevents patients from holding things, such as blocks, and even other people's hands. Adjustable grip strength allows for the gripping and picking up of fragile and durable objects. An existing solution to this problem is a pneumatic glove with adjustable grip strength. Although this solution provides gripping abilities, current designs only allow for manual adjustable grip strength. This means that the glove would be efficient considering the grip will have to be constantly modified depending on the object interacted with. The product will be differentiated by the fact that the grip strength will autonomously adjust depending on the malleability(softness) of an object. The reason this addition to the previous innovation is necessary is because different grip strengths are needed depending on the object. For example, if one were to hold their phone in their hand, the amount of grip strength will most likely(always) be less than that when used to hold a blanket firmly. This addition of autonomous grip strength will allow the user to interact and hold objects applying the right and necessary grip strength so as not to damage the item.
